Update Ember Europe Q4 entry on calender (#2191)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2023-12-07-embereurope-remote.md

---
title: "Ember Europe Q4 Meetup"
image: "/assets/images/calendar/2023-12-07-embereurope-remote.md/embereurope.png"
location: Remote
url: https://www.meetup.com/ember-europe/
kind: meetup
color: purple
---

The final Ember Europe meetup of 2023 is happening on December 7th and will be

> fully remote. Our Chris Manson will discuss recent updates on the Embroider
> initiative in his talk. The Ember Europe meetup series brings together the Ember

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fully remote. Our Chris Manson will give an update on the progress made with the Embroider
initiative and answer questions in an Embroider AMA session together with Ed Faulkner. The Ember Europe meetup series brings together the Ember
```
